MMD Video Release note 
 

Release number:     MPEG2 Decode for OSI Video W1032
Status:             Component Delivery

Organization:       MMD



STEricsson Confidential.
This document contains proprietary and confidential information of the STEricsson Group. This document is not to be copied in whole or part. 
Information furnished is believed to be accurate and reliable. However, STEricsson assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use of such information nor for any infringement of patents or other rights of third parties, which may result from its use. No license is granted by implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of STEricsson. Specifications mentioned in this publication are subject to change without notice. This publication supersedes and replaces all information previously supplied. STEricsson products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without express written approval of STEricsson
 Is a registered trademark of the STEricsson Group.
? 2003 STEricsson - All Rights Reserved
STEricsson GROUP OF COMPANIES
Australia - Brazil - Canada - China - France - Germany - Italy - Japan - Korea - Malaysia - Malta - Morocco - The Netherlands - Singapore - Spain - Sweden - Switzerland - Taiwan - Thailand - United Kingdom - U.S.A.
STEricsson Limited is a member of the STEricsson Group.



1	GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1	Release number
1.2	Board configuration supported
1.3	First level support contact
1.4	Symbian baseport version
1.5	Tools versioning
2	Media component list versioning
3	Release content
3.1	Released Features
3.2	New features
3.3	Modified features
3.4	Removed features
3.5	Restrictions / Known issues
4	Defect status
4.1	Fixed defect list
4.2	Active defect list
5	Compilation rules
5.1	Compilation procedure
5.2	Compilation configurability
6	QA check status
6.1	Compilation warning / error
6.2	Code Static analysis result
6.3	Confidentiality safe
7	documents



WARNING !!!
===========
Only meaningful chapters for single component delivery are described herebelow.
If chapter is not described, it means you need to refer to the associated Domain Delivery Release note


3	RELEASE CONTENT
3.1	Released Features :
		- W32 content compatible
		- OpenMAX component

3.2	New features:
		- none
	
3.3	Modified features:
		- none

3.4	Removed features:
		none

3.5	Restrictions / Known issues:
	List of VIs : NIL

	link for release notes:
	https://codexstn.cro.st.com/plugins/docman/?group_id=779&action=show&id=359823		


3.6 Complete features of the component
	Refer the application note coming alongwith the release in documents folder.

5	COMPILATION RULES  	
5.1	Compilation procedure
		Only if special things to be known
		Otherwise See Domain Delivery release note

5.2	Compilation configurability		
		List of the existing compilation flags to be known


6	QA CHECK STATUS
6.1	Compilation warning
		-> Coverty warning Y/N : Yes
		-> gcc/rvct warning Y/N : GCC warning: punning pointer


7	DOCUMENTS
		

8	Test Results 
		Developer test cases are working.	
   
