MMD Video Release note 
 

Release number     H264 Encoder for OSI Video W1020
Status             Component Delivery

Organization       MMD


STEricsson Confidential.
This document contains proprietary and confidential information of the STEricsson Group. This document is not to be copied in whole or part. 
Information furnished is believed to be accurate and reliable. However, STEricsson assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use of such information nor for any infringement of patents or other rights of third parties, which may result from its use. No license is granted by implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of STEricsson. Specifications mentioned in this publication are subject to change without notice. This publication supersedes and replaces all information previously supplied. STEricsson products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without express written approval of STEricsson
 Is a registered trademark of the STEricsson Group.
 2003 STEricsson - All Rights Reserved
STEricsson GROUP OF COMPANIES
Australia - Brazil - Canada - China - France - Germany - Italy - Japan - Korea - Malaysia - Malta - Morocco - The Netherlands - Singapore - Spain - Sweden - Switzerland - Taiwan - Thailand - United Kingdom - U.S.A.
STEricsson Limited is a member of the STEricsson Group.


1	GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1	Release number
1.2	Board configuration supported
1.3	First level support contact
1.4	Symbian baseport version
1.5	Tools versioning
2	Media component list versioning
3	Release content
3.1	Released Features
3.2	New features
3.3	Modified features
3.4	Removed features
3.5	Restrictions  Known issues
4	Defect status
4.1	Fixed defect list
4.2	Active defect list
5	Compilation rules
5.1	Compilation procedure
5.2	Compilation configurability
6	QA check status
6.1	Compilation warning  error
6.2	Code Static analysis result
6.3	Confidentiality safe
7	documents



WARNING !!!
===========
Only meaningful chapters for single component delivery are described herebelow.
If chapter is not described, it means you need to refer to the associated Domain Delivery Release note


3	RELEASE CONTENT
3.1	Released Features 
		NA

3.2	New features
		SEI activation
		xFramerate in Q16 format
		I frames coded as intra

3.3	Modified features
        NA

3.4	Removed features
        None

3.5	Restrictions  Known issues
        None

3.6 Complete features of the component


5	COMPILATION RULES  	
5.1	Compilation procedure
		Only if special things to be known
		Otherwise See Domain Delivery release note


5.2	Compilation configurability
		List of the existing compilation flags to be known


6	QA CHECK STATUS
6.1	Compilation warning
		Only if some are justified
		Otherwise See Domain Delivery release note


7	DOCUMENTS
		Please refer to embedded Application Note in Document folder (once available)


8	Test Results 
        
