Description for OTP test files.

Files can be used both for read- and write tests, but the result may look abit strange for files that perform multiple operations on the same row.

init_write.dat Sets a value for row 28 in redundancy mode
    Write data to row 29 in ECC mode and perform lock.
    Should return OK

write28.dat will update content in OTP row 28.
    Should return OK

write_30-33.dat write values 1 - 4 on rows 30 - 33.
    Should return OK

write_30-33_continue.dat will update rows 30 - 33.
    Values written are 5 - 8. Check that expected data is in OTP after write operation.
    For example, where 8 (binary 1000) is written over 4 (binary 100).
    The content should be 1100 after these two write operations.
    Should return OK

fill34_80.dat is a sequense with multiple write operations to the same row, 34.
    Purpose is to test multiple writes without lock.
    Should return OK

read_customer_otp.dat should be used for read operations.
    It reads entire customer area of OTP.
    Should return OK

bad_write.dat This write operation should not work proper.
    It first tries to write data to row 36 in redundancy mode.
    It will then continue with an ECC write operation at the same row.
    Finally a permanent write lock is requested.
    Switching between redundancy and ECC should not be ok and the operation
    should return an error without writing data to the OTP.
    Should return NOK

protected_rows.dat can be used to test read- or write. The file will operate
    on rows 5 - 15. Only row 15 is accessible for read or write.
    Write_otp should not work at all. Read_otp should return data which is undefined
    for rows 5 - 14. Output data in meta bits should looks like 0x0D008007
    for row 14.
    Correct value should be returned for row 15.

lock_36_redundancy.dat Write data to row 36 and lock in redundancy mode.
    Should return OK

Writing to rows which are COMPLETELY_LOCKED by otp_permissions.c
    Read should return OK, write should return NOK

Rebuild TAF with a new set of rules in otp_permissions.c
    Purpose is to test that changes will take effect.

Write data in non auth mode to rows where authentication is required.
    Should return NOK

Write data to rows which are out of range. Should be blocked by software.
    Should return NOK

prod_fuse.dat Writing of root key hash, hardware unique key and some data in cust OTP area.
    Should return OK.
