MMD VC1 Decoder Release note 
 
vc1dec

Release number:	10.44.0 ( OSI week 2010 44 )
Date:	 October 26, 2010
Status:	Final

Author:	Guillaume Kerrien
Organization:	MMD


(c) Copyright ST-Ericsson, 2010. All Rights Reserved.
The contents of this document are subject to change without prior notice.
ST-Ericsson makes no representation or warranty of any nature whatsoever (neither expressed nor implied) with respect to the
matters addressed in this document, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose,
interpretability or interoperability or, against infringement of third party intellectual property rights, and in no event shall
ST-Ericsson be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental and or consequential damages and or loss whatsoever
(including but not limited to monetary losses or loss of data), that might arise from the use of this document or the information
in it.
ST-Ericsson and the ST-Ericsson logo are trademarks of the ST-Ericsson group of companies or used under a license from
STMicroelectronics NV or Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson.
All other names are the property of their respective owners.
For more information on ST-Ericsson, visit www.stericsson.com



1	GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1	Release number
1.2	Board configuration supported
1.3	First level support contact
1.4	Symbian baseport version
1.5	Tools versioning
2	Media component list versioning
3	Release content
3.1	New features
3.2	Modified features
3.3	Removed features
3.4	Restrictions / Known issues
4	Defect status
4.1	Fixed defect list
4.2	Active defect list
5	Compilation rules
5.1	Compilation procedure
5.2	Compilation configurability
6	QA check status
6.1	Compilation warning / error
6.2	Code Static analysis result
6.3	Confidentiality safe
7	documents
8	Tests results
Annex A: Usage


3	RELEASE CONTENT

3.1	New features:
    - Support of last buffer empty with End Of Stream flag.
    - Add SMPSAFE keyword in .mmp files.
    - Coverity warnings removed.
    - Support for scratch TCM memory (under compilation flag).

3.2	Modified features:
    N/A

3.3	Removed features:
    N/A

3.4	Restrictions / Known issues:
        Requires common component version 10.40.2 or later for support empty buffer with EOS.
		

5	COMPILATION RULES  	
5.1	Compilation procedure
	make all


5.2	Compilation configurability		
	NO_HAMAC=1 for software decoder


6	QA CHECK STATUS
6.1	Compilation warning
		


7	DOCUMENTS


8	Test Results 

    vc1dec/test/launcher_video/vtc/vc1dec_linux_vss.vtc: PASSED
		
ANNEX A: Usage
- The VC1 decoder string for OMX_GetHandle is "OMX.ST.VFM.VC1Dec".
- Decoding multiple streams at same time is NOT supported.
- The VC1 decoder has one input port and one output port.
The input port requires at least 5 buffers. Output port: 10 buffers.
- The VC1 decoder requires buffers allocated in contiguous physical memory.
Either ask the VC1 to allocate the buffers (OMX_AllocateBuffer())
or use other components that allocate buffers in physical contiguous memory
and link them in tunnel mode.
- The VC1 requires ENS, VFM, HW buffer, and their auxilliary libraries to be present in image.
- The VC1 decoder supports VC1 Simple and Main profile. It does NOT support Advanced Profile. The maximum resolution supported is 720P.
- The VC1 decoder does NOT support Range Reduction nor Multi Resolution options.
- The VC1 decoders requires input stream in .RCV file format. The first OpenMax buffer must contain 
only STRUCT_C structure as defined in VC1 standard sequence header.
The next Openmax buffers must contain raw encoded frames, one per buffer. 
- The VC1 decoder ouputs only ST Ericsson's YUV420 Macro Block format. It must be converted to
normal YUV420P or RGB by Video Post Processor component or other means. 
The YUV420 Macro Block format requires that dimensions of image (width,height) must be
multiple of 16 pixels.
- VC1 frames can be splitted over several buffers. The last buffer of a frame must have EOF flag.
If the VC1 frame is in one buffer, this buffer must have EOF flag.

